Write Welcome to the section on warbler.
And over the next couple screencast we're going to be building a Twitter clone.
And here's the functionality that we have so far.
So I can log in a log in with my username and password has an account that I made before.
And here we have a nice little Twitter feed I can make any message if like that says Hello everyone
and I'll go at that message.
See that pop up right here.
And notice that I can only delete the messages that I've created so I'll delete this one.
And there it is.
If I decide to log out I can also try to log in.
And we have a little bit of validation.
So in case there is an invalid e-mail or password We'll have that no problem.
I can also sign up like again saw sign up with some new information with another password and another
username and let's get the image you are at this time.
And here we have the good old Twitter egg.
So if I'd like it I can make any message here that says hello.
Spell that right everyone.
Let's do this one more time and we can see right here at the bottom.
That's what I have.
So what's actually happening here.
Under the Hood is that I have two separate servers running.
I'm running this on a local host 3000 and we're actually going to deploy this application a bit later.
But what I want to show you is that I have a application running which is a create react up and I also
have an entire node back end which is power and the authentication token authorization and so on.
So what we're going to do in these first couple of sessions is strictly focused on the Bakken.
We're going to imagine that we're a bunch of back end developers and we have to build the API that allows
for this application to be created.
And once we build the API and test it out a bit in the terminal we're then going to go back to the front
end and add all of the react and redux.
And we had better code necessary to build this application.
There isn't a ton of functionality right now but the structure that we're going to build really will
allow you to add a lot of functionality on top of it in a scalable fashion.
So let's get started with a back end for warbler.